[TEACH laughs]
My darkness will
swallow the world,
just you wait and see!
You think I'll lose to you?
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!
Roger's treasure belongs to me!
[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second
half of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous
seas are known
as the New World.
Gold Roger and his
crew were the only men
to ever chart these waters
and learn all the secrets
they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body
became rubber after eating
the Gum-Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
[LUFFY] I'm gonna be
the King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR] In order to defeat
one of the Four Emperors
of the New World, the Straw Hats
form an alliance with Law.
Their current objective is
to destroy a man-made
Devil Fruit Factory in
the kingdom of Dressrosa.
When Luffy hears about
a fighting tournament
at the Corrida Colosseum
with the Flame-Flame fruit
as the prize, he decides
to join and compete
against titanic contenders
from all over the New World.
Fujitora?
Pardon the intrusion.
Why did you save him?
It had to be done,
Heavenly Demon.
I have my orders.
I didn't come here to kill him.
My objective is to
only apprehend him.
Oh, also, that question
you asked me,
about controlling
the government?
I'll tell you.
[DOFLAMINGO chuckles]
Eight centuries ago.
That's how far back
this little story begins.
Law.
Eight hundred years ago,
20 kings from 20 countries
met at the center of the world.
They formed an alliance and
became a single organization.
Today, we know it as
the World Government.
The kings who created
this governing body
decided to move to the
Holyland of Marie Jois
and live there with
their families.
There was only one, the
Nefertari Family of Alabasta,
that refused to reside
in the capital.
The descendants
of those 19 creators
still dwelling in the city
control nearly the entire
world and go by
the title of Celestial Dragons.
However, we can't forget
this agreement 800 years ago
also cost 19 kingdoms to
lose their royal families.
You following along?
Out of necessity,
the countries needed to select
new kings to govern and
replace the missing rulers.
For instance, in the case
of my native Dressrosa,
the Riku Family was
selected to govern
over the island.
And the old royalty
who chose to move
to the Holyland of Marie
Jois all those years ago.
The Don Quixote Family!
Then all this time,
you were a...
[DOFLAMINGO laughs]
[BROOK]
Yo ho ho ho ho!
Now this is the life!
Nothing like fabulous
tunes on a sea of art!
Oh, yeah!
[GIOLLA laughs]
You know culture
when you see it!
Turn the ship around!
Don't tell me we're
going to Green Bit!
[laughs]
Imagine the look on Law's face!
Should be a shock
when he sees it's not you
that's coming to
collect Caesar, but moi!
I don't get why Brook
is acting so weird!
Why did he turn against us?
There's no way!
A true swordsman would
never betray his friends!
[BROOK] Yo ho!
I've simply reawakened my true
artistic nature.
Bringing forth new creations
is my only reason for living.
Despite the fact I myself
am very dead, of course.
Sing it!
These peasants can't
understand us, Soul King!
We only want
to express ourselves!
They'll never know our passion!
Life is the greatest art!
Dying art!
[BROOK] Simply fantastic, Miss
Giolla! Yo ho ho ho!
Is not!
Someone help me!
I'm fine. Doesn't hurt. Really.
[GIOLLA]
I'm moved beyond tears!
Look how I've exquisitely
depicted the tragedy
of Dressrosa!
In about ten minutes,
these rubes will be
completely fused with
my latest masterpiece.
Choking to death and
turning into a still life!
What'd she say?!
Do something, Brook!
Get us out of here!
[BROOK]
It's simply splendid!
You must let me compose
a song for your exhibit!
If you did, the honor would
be all mine, Soul King!
[BROOK]
Then it's a deal!
But first, could you change
my violin and bow back?
[GIOLLA] You got it!
Take it away, brother!
[BROOK]
Wow! You miracle worker you!
[NAMI]
I can't breathe!
I'm not suffering... much.
I've almost lost consciousness.
I don't want to die like this.
Like to see
something interesting?
You'll notice my violin bow
is actually a sword, Giolla.
[GIOLLA]
Enough talk, play me some music.
[BROOK humming]
[BROOK]
I decided to cut you instead.
What's that?
My Painting Song.
Bamboo Flute Slice!
[GIOLLA screams]
You must forgive me.
I don't know art.
One look and I thought
it was clear.
After all...
I don't have the eyes for it!
[CHOPPER, NAMI]
Brook!
[MOMONOSUKE]
Sir Skeleton!
[BROOK]
Yo ho ho ho ho!
[CROWD cheers]
I was worried about Nami
long before you ever were!
And if she wants anyone
to come save her,
it's definitely me!
So you let me handle this!
Then get going already!
Kin'emon.
Take this map to the Toy House
where your friend is being held.
[KIN'EMON]
I'm eternally grateful!
[SANJI]
When you see Luffy again,
contact the Sunny using this.
We need to check
everyone's situation.
I'll stay aboard the ship.
So.
Any ideas how we reach him?
If I knew, do you think
we'd be standing here
with our arms folded?
The place has been
completely sealed off.
And I don't see anyone
to let us in.
We should also avoid suspicion,
since I was nearly
arrested earlier.
[ZORO] Cool, so I'll just
cut down the wall?
I said be discreet!
I'll do it quietly?
Boy! That's not the point!
[ZORO]
So, not quietly?
[BOTH arguing]
[BARTOLOMEO gasps]
That's the legendary "Pirate
Hunter" Roronoa Zoro!
They say he chopped up
100 men in Whiskey Peak.
Sliced and diced
everything in his path
at Enies Lobby!
He's the Master of
the Three Sword Style!
He's the Straw Hats' first mate!
Luffy's right hand man!
Even without Devil Fruit powers,
he's a monster
on the battlefield!
He looks so cool in person!
The tears, they won't stop.
My heart is overflowing!
[BARTOLOMEO crying]
I love you, Zoro!
[KIN'EMON]
Do you know that man?
Thankfully I don't.
[LUFFY]
Yeah! You got this, Rebecca!
Again!
There's another guy
she totally dropped!
Ha! She's amazing!
He's really into this, isn't he?
[INMATE C]
Mm.
You rule! Kick his ass!
I'm so glad to be back
to my old self!
I don't know how
to thank you, Brook!
Truly, I couldn't have
said it better myself.
I am overwhelmed with joy.
No joke.
I thought I was gonna
die back there too.
You saved our lives, Brook.
No need to make
a big deal of it.
Yo ho ho ho ho!
But if you insist,
then that's fine too!
Commence the
sleep-on-Nami's-lap party!
The party's been cancelled!
So. No afterparty then?
[NAMI]
Back to business.
All right, Brook,
you're gonna have cuff her.
Go ahead.
That's my thanks for saving you?
I'm not going anywhere near
those shackles, Nami!
They drain all my energy.
[NAMI] Stop complaining
and get it over with!
[BROOK] You're the only
one here who hasn't eaten
a Devil Fruit, so it
only makes sense.
Stop arguing and do it!
[GROUP yells]
I was mistaken.
[GIOLLA] I shoulda never
trusted you, Soul King!
How could you?
Deceiving me like that?
I only dropped my guard
because I thought
we were two artists
who really connected!
It obvious you people
have zero taste!
So I'll just have to imprint
my ultimate masterwork
on your minds to elevate you!
Straight up to the afterlife
where the four of you belong!
G-Giolla. Please. Try and relax.
[GIOLLA laughs]
[GIOLLA]
Presenting Heaven's Door Art!
What the hell?
More like where
the hell, amirite?
--[GIOLLA laughs]
--[GROUP yells]
[BROOK]
What?
[GIOLLA laughs]
You will witness the pinnacle
of my strength!
Heaven's Door Art
is my masterpiece!
[GIOLLA laughs]
You see?
Isn't the world a much
lovelier place now
that it's made of art?
You should be thanking
me for giving you
this opportunity!
The last thing you're
going to see before
you die happens to be
the most beautiful!
[laughing]
[BABY 5]
Come on, Gladius.
Why don't you try
and settle down?
[GLADIUS]
I can't, Baby 5.
Or perhaps you're blind to just
how much her betrayal
has completely derailed
our well-laid plans.
The idea was simple.
That woman, Violet, would
capture Black Leg Sanji.
Then search his mind and extract
the enemy's strategies.
Afterwards we'd be able
to predict their every move
and eliminate them one by one.
But what does she do instead?
Wipes out her own men
and runs off with him!
[BABY 5]
Chill out!
You aren't gonna explode
here, are you?
[GLADIUS] If there's one thing
I absolutely loathe,
it's people who can't stick
to a time or a plan!
[glass shatters]
[GLADIUS]
No one betrays us.
She was disloyal
to the Young Master
and must pay with her life.
Violet was acting strange
as far back as last night.
Think about it, Baby.
With Violet's All-Seeing-Eye,
she should have easily
been able to find the
Straw Hats' ship yesterday.
You're not supposed to be
riding this steed with me!
I told you to wait back
at the harbor,
you naughty girl! Oh ho ho!
[VIOLET] I would, but it's
crawling with Marines.
You and your friends
may want to rethink
your rendezvous point.
So. The Navy's here too.
I count four battleships total.
That means there are
at least 3,000 Marines
scattered across
the city as we speak.
And you found all that out in
such a short amount of time?
It's one of my abilities.
Clairvoyance.
My All-Seeing Eye has a
range of up to 2,500 miles
and allows me to survey
the land from the
point of view
of a bird in flight.
From this very spot,
I can see everything going
on in Dressrosa.
Bottom line, you don't need
to worry about my safety.
There isn't a person
alive who can catch me.
Does that mean you're
gonna stay in this country?
[VIOLET] No, there's
nothing to worry about.
But what I am going to do is...
What is it, Violet?
There's something wrong.
I should be able to see your
ship, but it's simply not there!
Like it disappeared?
[GIOLLA laughs]
What should we do, Nami?
What do we do?
I don't know what we can do!
No choice but to fight!
Launching Weather egg now!
Hatch for me, Little Bolt!
Let's see you
critique this storm!
I can't stand such lowbrow work!
[NAMI]
What?
Your technique is unrefined.
It lacks style and depth,
but perhaps I'll be
able to help out!
If I were the artist,
I'd do something like this.
A more defined shape.
That's my cloud!
And add glowing neon to
accentuate the thunderbolt!
[NAMI screams]
[BROOK screams]
Way to go, Brook!
Huh?!
You don't mind if I edit
your artwork a little,
do you, Giolla?
[BROOK yelling]
[BROOK]
Yo ho! Yo ho!
[GIOLLA laughing]
This piece is imbued
with my soul!
The statement behind
"Heaven's Door Art"
is about the artist's pursuit
to represent nothing
less than ultimate beauty!
And everyone knows
the greatest beauty
is also the strongest!
The Cola barrels
have been set in place!
Nice going, Chopper!
What exactly is this thing?
The Sunny's power source.
With this we can fire
the Gaon Cannon!
[MOMONOSUKE]
Sounds powerful!
[NAMI]
If I remember correctly,
I just have to aim the circle
over where I want to shoot.
I kinda wish Usopp
was here right now.
But with a target this big,
I don't think I can miss!
Get clear, Brook!
I'm ready to fire!
Just a moment, please!
Yo ho ho ho!
[BROOK]
Okay. Done.
All right! Here we go!
Gaon Cannon!
Fire!
Oh, that won't do!
[GIOLLA yells]
Got ya!
[GIOLLA laughs]
You think I'd simply let
you escape after you
destroyed my masterpiece?
How'd she survive that blast?
Just go away!
You've really pissed me off now!
Don't expect a show of mercy!
So, whoever's ready to die
first can step right up.
[MOMONOSUKE yells]
Head blow!
You're gonna suffer for that,
you damn brat!
Stand aside, Momo!
[GIOLLA yells]
What's wrong?
It's bad.
Seems your ship emerged
out of nowhere,
and then was hit by lightning!
Hit by lightning?
Then Nami must be safe.
Oh, my.
All these swirling colors--
This is truly avant garde.
You did it, Momonosuke!
I suppose that I did!
Nothing to fear at all!
[NARRATOR] As the fierce
competitors of Block D continue
to clash, hoping to win
the coveted prize,
one man steals the
spotlight away from
all of them.
This spectacular figure
is known as
"Pirate Noble" Cavendish.
And soon, he will brandish his
mighty blade of sheer beauty!
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"Beautiful Sword!
Cavendish of the White Horse!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!